good morning it's november
1 2020 and it's a sunday
here in l.a another clear morning
right now anyway a big round moon
hanging in the sky
very still right now around
59 degrees fahrenheit about 15
celsius
i don't have any music to talk about
today but
i was another one very sad to hear about
sean connery passing and
i remember
seeing dr noe
at a drive-in theater in 1963
and the story i heard anyway maybe you
all know more
but in the beginning i think they didn't
think that
they had a hit film and when it was
released in the states
it wasn't a first-rate release
and
the drive-in it wasn't the first film
show and it was
a second second film
running very late at night and it was
word of mouth
that came from this drive-in
circuit that generated
more and more interest and went on to
you know make uh dr no and
all of james bond super of super giant
and i think sean connery was
everyone's favorite bond
and we'll miss sean connery
should be going up to around 84 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon about
29 celsius and
i think it's going to be pretty much
cloudy all day
maybe in the afternoon late afternoon we
might get a peak
at some blue skies and golden sunshine
in any event everyone
have a great day